and again I myself Dasha and so thought
I thought what to remove for example
something for the house and came up today
we will do with you
air freshener what for us for this
need a jar whether boyar jar
foil toothpick or wand for example
How do I have a rezinochka to keep
foil and still different
essential oils
im so tasty and fragrant i have
taste and mint
apex and tea tree and most importantly
this is baking soda
and I will use for decoration
such a yellow ribbon
such very very pretty flowers
they are all exactly the same so pretty
dyes and you can use the same
the most if you have it or just
put a jar is not visible place so
let's start taking our baking soda and
put about three spoons
that and we do then we take this sturgeon
they prepared you said choose
one of these tubes and add cable
20-30 rubber oil and so I added 20
droplets but really they are full of cycle
walls and I probably add a little more
to smell more added
Now we take foil
neatly now we take rezinochku
about whom he spoke about the very beginning
Well, white album to play did not sleep
spinning rezinochkoy now on the same
edges to
of our
found go beyond three was not only delicious
but also beautifully I cut off some cover
, It became quite beautiful is our
the jar is very tightly closed
now we will cover under the bottom
just below the bottom of our rezinochku
This adhesive me hot I paste
very nice and neatly ledge
debug the ribbon because glue
can very quickly for a hundred and good
hold on itself repent ribbons we
now we will decorate
but again smear glue
and
we got such decor sychil still
glue such twigs to remove
trunks
well here's our air freshener almost
ready what are we doing next
the final touch is how we are going
pierce holes pierce
several streets and shake well
gone aroma the aroma is already coming and very
delicious and so we did great
flavor here turned out such a remote
zat and it seems to me that in my interior
it fits perfectly and so was you
Dasha
everybody for now subscribe to my channel
below write comments and put
fingers up all bye